Director Jiang
I don't understand what you mean.
Stop pretending to be confused
You are my boyfriend, right?
Oh.
Your boyfriend hum
There are many women who chase me
They tried everything.
But Director Jiang
Your trick is still quite new
Don't pretend to be garlic
What is this?
Gu Zhenting
5 years ago, you indirectly caused me to be kicked out of the house
And now pretending to be a migrant worker to play with me
In your eyes, I am your toy, right?
Sorry.
Or you found out
You finally admitted it?
I'm not Gu Zhenting pretending to be me
Instead, I pretended to be Gu Zhenting
What's the difference?
Vegetables
It's me, I'm Doudou Daddy
Me and Gu Zhenting are two people
Gu Zhenting has been busy dating now
No time to work
Follow my driver friend and give him advice
Said I could pretend
So Gu Zhenting contacted me
Let me wear his clothes here
How is that possible?
What I'm telling you is true.
If you don't believe me
Why did I lean over just now?
Sit here like this
Will Guo Zhenting do this?
No, now you finally believe me.
He has a point.
Gu Zhengting is a police officer
Most concerned about their own image
It seems that Doudou Daddy and Gu Zhengting
Really not alone